---
title: "From the vault: June 22, 2024"
publishDate: 21 Sept 2025
description: "I wrote this in June 2024 when I was in a cabin at a hot spring thinking some VERY profound thoughts"
thumbnail: assets/blog/20250921-vault-june-2024/wasp.png
tags: ["vault","wasp","nature","hotspring","womeninSTEM","inspirational","wow"]
---

_The following is an excerpt of a document I wrote on June 22, 2024, when I was having a very introspective day in a cabin at Strawberry Park Hot Springs. It has been heavily excerpted and redacted but not otherwise edited. Behold:_

---

One theme I keep coming back to [...] is that not everything has to be deep. It's ok to have fun for its own sake. Stupid fruit snacks can be stupid because it's fun and <span style="color: yellow">it's ok to have fun</span>. ...

WOW <span style="color: yellow">there's a wasp on the window</span> and looking right at me. His stinger is a whole ass centimeter long. Hopefully the wind takes him somewhere else soon. He looks hongy for a snacc.

Earlier I watched some dudes operating heavy machinery on a dirt road down by the spring. I thought to myself, wow, I am sure glad they probably aren't on $MIND_ALTERING_SUBSTANCE as I am right now.

Later on I saw a man running up that same dirt road - it's not a real trail, just fire access or something idk. And I thought, wow, look at that man getting after his goals. Then I thought, it's weird how much I'm noticing this man, and he has no idea how much I am noticing him. I watched as he paused to catch his breath - he must have had a good view of the entire springs area. I thought, maybe it's good I'm here keeping tabs on him, like what if he has a heart attack? Then I thought, how many people must notice ME, too?

---

My mind keeps wandering to a metaphor of life being <span style="color: yellow">kind of like a river, and we're all tubing down it,</span> and sometimes we bump into each other and that's fun, and sometimes the river is taking us on a journey, and sometimes it's fun to hang onto each other a bit, but it's also fun to just go on our own journeys, maybe bump into other people in other tubes.

---

That wasp is still there. What do wasps want? Does he want some impractical fruit snacks? The snacks are hidden (though I am always aware of the location of all snacks at all times - there is unfortunately no hiding the snacks from me.)

<span style="color: yellow">I should try to communicate with the wasp.</span>

Ok it's actually VERY cool how closely I can observe this wasp. I can't get the camera to focus on him so I'll just have to remember the wasp in my brain. Could it be my spirit guide? …. I think I'll stay inside the cabin where it's safe.

Why are wasps the way they are? I mean what are they doing with that abdomen, it's barely connected to the thorax.

The wasp left. There must be a nest of them. I'll try to remain, uh, respectful?

---

Oh! The wasp is back! I'm really enjoying staring closely at them. What terrifying creatures! I suppose I could tell the hot springs staff about the wasps, but I'm happy to let them live their lives. Who am I to say they have no right to have a nest here, and do whatever it is wasps do. <span style="color: yellow">What the fuck is the point of wasps, anyway? They don't need to have a “point” and I don't, either.</span> It's ok to just exist. It's ok not to know where your tube is going. It's probably a good idea to apply sunscreen to the bikini line, but eh. Sometimes it's instructive to make mistakes.

I've spent a lot of time gazing out on some trees that are very perfectly, vibrantly green. And I thought, would it be nice to capture that vibrant green. And then I remembered, yes, we did, and that's why there was so much arsenic in walls and fabrics and it quietly poisoned people for a long time. And right now [...] that feels like a VERY powerful metaphor. It really is making me think.

---

It's funny how there will always be a last time that you hug everyone. We should be grateful for the hugs we get.

---

Isn't it sad how hard it is for us to just tell people how much they mean to us? Why are we like this?
