---
title: "Old lady wisdom"
publishDate: 20 Sept 2025
description: "I am a thought leader and you WILL heed my advice"
thumbnail: /assets/blog/20250920-wisdom/wisdom.png
tags: ["dating","advice","bossbitch"]
---

## Wisdom 1: Life Is Hard

Everyone is fighting battles you cannot possibly fathom. This is why it is important, in a cosmic and moral sense, to extend grace and compassion to others, and to give them the benefit of the doubt.

A natural corollary to this is that you should never take anything personally, even when someone is insulting you to your face and telling you to take things personally because they hate you. In reality, they probably hate themselves. Many such cases!

Of course, there is a distinction between empathy, compassion, and pity, which is important yet also trivial and left as an exercise for the reader. In any case, it helps to remember that every living being who was forced into existence is just trying to stumble their way through it. The ravages of experience leave no one unscathed.

---

## Wisdom 2: It’s Actually Really Not That Hard

Most things (with which I have some degree of familiarity\!) are Not That Hard. People stand to gain from you *thinking* they are hard, and they probably seem hard at a distance. But in reality most people are borderline catatonic with incompetence. Except me, of course.

_(Are you reading this and wonder whether I am calling you out? Well, I dunno, AM I???)_

----

## Wisdom 3:

People lack self-awareness about most things, including their own incompetence.

….hol up
